Update index.md (#4514)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/heap/index.md

analytics.identify('userId123');
```

> When you call `identify` we call [Heap's identify method](https://developers.heap.io/docs/using-identify) with the `userId` and `traits` you provide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you call `identify`, Segment calls [Heap's identify method](https://developers.heap.io/docs/using-identify){:target="_blank"} with the `userId` and `traits` you provide.
```

analytics.track('Clicked Button');
```

> When you call `track` from `analytics.js`, we call Heap's [track function](https://developers.heap.io/reference/track) with exactly the same parameters. Calling `track` from one of our mobile SDKs or server-side sources records a [Heap Custom Event](https://docs.heapanalytics.com/reference#track-1) with the same event name and properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you call `track` from `analytics.js`, Segment calls Heap's [track function](https://developers.heap.io/reference/track){:target="_blank"} with exactly the same parameters. Calling `track` from one of Segment's mobile SDKs or server-side sources records a [Heap Custom Event](https://docs.heapanalytics.com/reference#track-1){:target="_blank"} with the same event name and properties.
```
